Alarm impro (#33)
PradeepKiruvale/thin-edge.io: docs/src/tutorials/raise-alarm.md

where the `child-device-id` is the unique device id of the child device.
The alarm payload structure is the same, as described in the previous section.

### Raising alarm with custom fragment

> Alarm can be raised with custom fragments, this is supported for both `thin-edge` as well as for the `child device`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thin-edge supports the creation of alarms using custom (user-defined) fragments. Custom fragments are supported for both the main and child devices.
```

> The custom fragment can be a simple json value or a complex json value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom fragments support any json types (e.g. strings, numbers boolean, objects and arrays).
```

For example, an alarm with simple custom fragment

Payload:
```json
{
    "text": "Temperature is very high",
    "time": "2021-01-01T05:30:45+00:00",

>     "message": "A custom alarm info"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "details": "A custom alarm info"
```
I would now avoid using `"message"`...it can only lead to confusion

}
```

> For example, an alarm with complex custom fragment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an alarm with complex custom fragments
```

Payload:
```json
{
    "text": "Temperature is very high",
    "time": "2021-01-01T05:30:45+00:00",
    "someOtherCustomFragment": {"nested":{"value": "extra info"}}
}
```

> Note: Other than `text` and `time` fields, all the other fields are considered as custom fragments.

### Raising an empty payload alarm

> Alarms can also be raised without any payload for `thin-edge` as well for the `child` devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alarms can also be raised with a fixed message payload for `thin-edge` as well for the `child` devices.
```

> The payload will be an `empty json` message as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload will be an `empty json object` message as below
```

If the alarm is raised from a child device, the payload is published to `c8y/s/us/<child-device-id>` topic instead.

If an alarm contains a custom fragment then the alarm message will be converted to `cumulocity json`

> format and then will be published on to `c8y/alarm/alarms/create` topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an alarm contains a custom fragment then the alarm message will be converted to `cumulocity json` format and then it will be published to the `c8y/alarm/alarms/create` topic.
```

An example, translated custom message for `thin-edge` device looks as below

```json
{
    "severity":"MAJOR",
    "type":"pressure_alarm",
    "time":"2023-01-25T18:41:14.776170774Z",
    "text":"pressure alarm",
    "someOtherCustomFragment":
        {
            "nested":
            {
                "value": "extra info"
            }
        }
}
```

> An example, translated custom message for a `child` device will be as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the translated alarm message for a `child` device will be as below (as sent to Cumulocity IoT)
```

```json
{
    "severity":"MAJOR",
    "type":"pressure_alarm",
    "time":"2023-01-25T18:41:14.776170774Z",
    "text":"Pressure alarm",
    "someOtherCustomFragment":
        {
            "nested":
            {
                "value": "extra info"
            }
        }
    "externalSource":
        {
            "externalId":"child_device_id",
            "type":"c8y_Serial"
        }
}

> ```

Reviewer: This looks to be a duplicate of the previous example.
